there's a black hole in your
shower it rain
burn cast a spell on you in a
circle High fire
gasoline make it rainbow
dream h fire gasoline make it rainbow
dream smash the [ __ ] in s Iris which she
float up flying through the night make
you feel right cat spells of volcanoes
use lava liquid draano two Puffs of
purple hazes that's with the witches
blazing Liquid Smoke Kickstart the
broomstick up in the sky with balloons
my does ain't
toothpicks Tommy Chong Pap you want it
you only need a little bit of dragon
Venom drips Dr fever DEC scripts
Darkness through dreams any wise lovely
ladies know I'm
it that stuff they
own it gets right on top of
them hope you're not busy for a few
days I dream the chrom and process food
oh L I think to bring the brain Make It
Rain burn it
purple cast a spell on you in a
circle High fire gas
make it rainbow
dream welcome back to Lady Babylon this
is initiating
apocalypse I want to say first of all
thank you teddy Bas and chewy for the
outstanding video music oh God I love it
man it's right up there right shout out
to Teddy base now I know everybody knows
we're waiting for the next one to come
out right and what do we ask for we we
prayed Teddy Bas give us give us some
rock and roll Teddy Bas some rock and
roll yeah so I can't wait thank you
teddy Bas for working so hard yeah me
too thanks to alen that's right it's a
lot of it's a lot of you know real Focus
up here discipline are you ready Teddy
yeah Teddy Shout It Out Teddy say hello
to Teddy Everybody Teddy
base
fantastic let's Jump Right In tonight
because you know what I don't want to
wait for the cab I want to take us right
to the date let's go I got it's a great
place we got reservations for all of us
right entire satanic congregation we're
going to go tonight to a
place where we're going to learn about
the importance of
feet yes yes we are and it's going to be
biblical but what I'm going to bring you
my dear is such a just a feast an
absolute Feast of authors who are
writing
contemporary with the people who are
writing the Bible I'm gonna bring you
just a gorgeous Feast some of the texts
we're gonna resurrect some doctors
tonight I'm gonna show you you know what
you're getting
tonight right you're getting from
neros from Nero's own
library from Nero's own Library you're
getting a work addressed to Nero and
what is it about you know what it's
about it's about
drugs it's about
christing yeah it's about that drink
from that cup of Lady Babylon oh God oh
God you've got to love it and why did
why did all the Melvin miss it why did
all the Melvin miss it because Melvin
doesn't read sources people Melvin is
there to bring you a book and you're
supposed to buy buy it and think oh
Melvin nice job Melvin which Ivy League
schools is this [ __ ]
from yeah nobody reads these tax people
I guarantee you the ones I'm showing you
tonight just like all the time and you
know what I spoil you I really do
congregation right I spoil you I give
you the good the good good good oh I do
so I'm going to give you some more
tonight that just aren't there that no
none of these people actually read right
if you're sitting here and you're from
Princeton and no longer has a Greek
program you're
welcome they killed pron killed their
own Greek program why it was too hard
bro it was too hard it's much easier to
rely on somebody else's hoo-ha in
secondary sources than it is the primary
and I want to say to
you satanic congregation you and I we've
been here for a while and one of the
things that I know that you
love is that I don't do any
tickling I give you those primary
sources yeah this is genuine love I give
you the primaries oh God we just pull
them out we just look at the primary
just look at them look at them and all
the stupidity melts away there's another
type of person out there though
congregation who doesn't have your
well-being in mind right they have
your they have your bank account in mind
they have your furniture in
mind right they want everything more and
more and more right they
want this is where the purgation
of the bans is so
successful in spreading civilization
it's like the bic purgation
is
vaccine it's a vaccine it's fantastic
can we pull in some Christians tonight
doing some strange stuff let's look at
Jesus many of you have heard about
Jesus and Mary right everybody knows you
can throw up some images of Jesus Jesus
and Mary I know we're bringing some
tonight right
remember this is the one who brought
Jesus that sex
oil uhhuh M we're going to look at it
tonight from one angle namely we're
looking at Jesus's
feet has anybody ever wondered Sunday
school have you ever wondered why Jes
Jesus is getting stuff put on his
feet Yeah by a woman who we know we know
what she is I wouldn't even call her a
woman I'd call her a
mdll right what is that oh it's syian
for
MAA MAA you know what they do you know
what they do and all of my students and
Lucian just went oh yes it's the same
figure right oh God you know what they
do she puts it on his
feet okay now everybody out there every
Catholic every
Evangelical every monest who has any
self
pride will
say
surely it's Preposterous that this is
anything but you know some fancy foot
oiling right no no it's not let me show
you what it actually is let me show you
so that you can understand the Bible
better that is the goal of the satanic
initiation for you to understand the
Bible
fantastic fantastic do you love it do
you you love it let's go let's go look
I'm going to pull out one of these I
want you to remember what did they call
the apostles hit it what did they call
the
apostles drug
user
magician look people stain your brain
with this Greek
far do you see what they are this is how
Phillip people like Phillip the Apostle
right Thomas This Is How They are consed
what they're considered by their
contemporaries so you would be well
advised to see what it is the first one
is drug user drug user if you is this
your first time it's great for you to
have come
but realize that there are a lot of
drugs that are being used there's a lot
of you know I don't know some culty sexy
you know kind of huh thank you Miss
Baker right it's there it's all there
are you ready um whose company are we in
as we get off the ship now right and
we're here we're here um who's around us
well here are these followers of Jesus
um they are drug users and
Magi okay I'm just warning you I'm
warning you okay so if you're here with
your
spouse okay I'm just telling you be
warned you knew it was coming why did
you bring your
kids why did you bring your
kids to PE
Diddy yeah praise P didy says the
monest
voice praise P Diddy somebody asked me
you know
do you really think that you can go out
there and that you can bring this
information to people without it being a
nuclear bomb if people are going to take
it serious and are going to do the
science they're going to verify it and
what are you people gonna do you're
going to get vaporized because your
reality is slowly peeling off you and
all you can see what is left now
but those of us those of us who have had
the honor of seeing what these texts are
say we know the reality and it's just
you know it gets a lot of people into
the it gives them kicks brother right it
gives them kicks it's a dope a dope of
reality let's keep keep dose these
people I'm a psychic dope Pusher
definitely psychic I
said right
it's
metaphor look and for the people who are
saying I work for the CIA you are so
stupid yes you are you are
seriously you have to be confident you
have to be confident brother I'm telling
you I'm telling you I can't figure out
what's the intelligence with my
refrigerator bro okay um who is this I'm
giving you somebody new look this is a
real treat tonight are you
right heraclides the
Craton said in his book about the
cities in
Greece and he's talking about this
mountain what did he say he said there
is this plant that grows there that
bears
fruit right aan that's the one he says
it's growing and it says the the fruit
of this thing if you take it and treat
it pound it properly with oil and water
and then
Christ your whole body with it or
somebody else's right um what happens in
the winter time you walk around like
this you won't get
cold do you know why wait a minute wait
a minute okay I know for you know I'm
I'm pretty guesswork in this situation
I'm pretty pretty sure there's nothing
that you can smother on your body that
you can comfortably walk around in the
winter right what kind of drugs are we
talking about we're talking about the
ones where you don't care
anymore yeah do you see what why is that
person out in the freezing cold their
body cover covered with that
paint it's a drug it's a drug you know
what they put in it they put in it stuff
to transform you are you ready to watch
the Christians using it let's do it
let's do it oh by the way that was a
medical that was medical I'll show you
where that's from in a second um nobody
reads this nobody has in a long time
anyway give me the next one give you the
next one watch this
people fil arus right what does he do
he's talking about India and he says
look there's a white root which you can
go out and cut and add to water and then
you totally plaster somebody with it and
you know what happens when you plaster
them next one what happens tell us right
these are Physicians people Physicians
contemporaries right of all the writings
of the New
Testament when they talk about christing
they're talking about the very same time
right that everybody else is talking
about it there's no
distinction Christians do not live in a
bubble that is a fairy tale it is a
fairy tale that has been taught to you
by
theologians right
theologians untrustworthy people very
unscientific if you ask me oh these are
the people who ever say if you've seen
it out there don't go looking forward
because when you encourage them it just
makes them feel better but these are the
people who sit back and say oh am and
hman it's preposterous
right there's a room there's a
room next to that room is a whole tray
of one Alabaster after the other let's
go see speaking of that let's go see
what what Mary the M doll is doing um oh
oh we were right what happens says doc
doc doc I'm sorry don't leave doc tell
us what happens when you put this stuff
this medicated paste all over somebody's
body okay now I'm going to translate
this for you literally and this has
never been translated it's from the
minor um Greek doctors right nobody
looks in here ever like you know
probably the last person that did it was
like
1920 um anyway and so what does it
do it causes these people who are
painting in it to possess the lethargy
of sex seual
intercourse wait what yeah to possess
the
lethargy of sexual intercourse it causes
them what is that it's that phase you
know what I'm talking about talking
about that little
death right that little
death that's what they hold on to and
then he
says just like in the very same manner
is the
Unix right because he says they take
them when they're young they take them
when they're young and what do you do
with young boys you Christ them you
Christ them people look it's on the
second line it's the third to last word
Ki you Christ
them and until the day they die when
they have been christed this is what it
says I'm
translating when they have been
christed they don't
become
aroused they don't become
aroused they are stuck with Ley do you
see what happens now with your unic from
the kingdom of
heaven with your Uranian
unic you can give them a set of drugs to
induce
sasis wait a wait a minute wait a minute
stop I didn't I knew I was coming to the
right party right um I'm not sure if I
want to commit all the way to this kind
of stuff right okay I understand do you
hear the difference between Jesus Christ
and P didy the difference is a layer of
sophistication and Antiquity it's just
not around
today right this isn't a simple drugging
somebody to sleep and then taking
advantage of them Bill Cosby did he it's
not just that when Jesus Christ is the
one doing it he's doing it within a
ceremony that is meant to
initiate right you've got to give death
inducers you've got to bring the person
to that
orgastic
climax do you understand that's how the
cult works that is early
Christianity and you say I haven't been
there I just sit there with a priest who
I think probably you know what I mean
that's all I do I go and watch a
preacher and he's like blah blah blah
wife submit to your husband
right or you just don't go anywhere
because if you do somebody's gonna throw
acid in your
face yeah yeah you see the monest
fever it's in the tax look what they're
doing in the tax people that's all I'm
bringing is tax give me another shove
come here sweetheart open up that mouth
if we were out together I would be
spooning it I'd be spooning just let me
just take away your silverware right let
me do it let me do it I want to do it
watch this what happens this guy named
Phil Arcus in one of his books is
talking about Arabia and he says
what the
colone the
vagina is a fountain of water from
which if you Christ someone's
feet their private parts become
distended terribly stretched out and you
can't at all make it go
away until after you give this dude some
serious
therapy and it's
painful give me the next one okay wait a
minute are we talking about did anybody
notice satanic congregation let me use
you tonight a little bit let me use you
did anybody notice the feet thing did
anybody
notice
um
feet
feet okay feet first of all we as
transdimensional investigators for the
cosmic child welfare services right
investigating Jesus with everything
that's going going on um we need to find
out what are the tools that are being
used right what are the drugs that
they're being used right just like
they're doing now with Diddy find out
what drugs were going to wear and who
was getting and what were you making
them do and r r you can't do that to him
he's Christ
right a big crowd assembled and they're
all like crucify
him and you couldn't hear it because it
was in New York it was loud people were
honking give me the next one give me the
next one they love it though you know
what I mean don't you love it feet I
wanted to ask the congregation take that
down one more time to
feet what is the feet
connection things are going to get messy
things are going to get messy this is
stuff that we do by
candlelight right you
understand what are you going to do he
told me you can't take this information
to them set off like an atomic bomb oh
yeah I can oh yes I
can yeah yeah for all of you who are
saying thank you almond for bringing
this thank you you got me a little
choked up thank you for
coming Hil Satan
right fantastic oh there's no newbies
asking about that are there what does
that
mean give me the next one give me the
next one okay let's bring this back to
the Bible where it's something beautiful
right where it's something beautiful so
Jesus is defending Mary right and he
says look she's done what she's done she
came here to
morite my
body for the sake of an
osmon for the sake of an
inment an
inment you mean he's talking about he's
about to die and go nope he's not he's
talking about an intimement within a
mystery
right he is taking drugs that will put
him into a death State he is the
Christ you can see it on his face when
they arrested
Jesus they arrested him with dark goo
on his face dripping off of it why
because he was the
Christ now the naked boy that was with
him when he was
arrested with the bandage on his
hooa keep it keep it up here there's no
answer for him there's no answer for
have you seen everybody get steamrolled
by the way I just just want to say
satanic congregation have you can we
just recognize that we have steamrolled
we have
[Applause]
steamrolled yeah and PE there's nothing
people can say there is no way that you
can
respond right there's no way oh it's
he's crazy must be a cult or something
right there's no way that you can
respond to the ancient texts they are
straight up there right there they are
you got nothing notice the theologians
didn't have it I'm going to go into a
fight in the future I'm telling you I'm
gonna go into a fight and you're gonna
see me you're gonna see
me right in the
arena right face to face shield to
Shield foot to foot do you understand
okay that's where we're going I love it
that was a preview that was a preview
cage match give it to me give it to me
what's the next one oh what is Jesus
what is she doing to him I just want you
people to see robbing them with ointment
or
angent right right okay great great
great great give me the next one it's
not me making it up and Jesus right what
it's around path time of Pascal right he
goes to
Bethany and you remember who's there in
Bethany this dude Lazarus what happened
to this dude Lazarus look at the last
line a gay
Jesus raised him from the dead the word
for
raising is the word to wake you out of
asleep and why are they using this
terminology at the time because in the
mystery cult the person who is put into
to a state of
death is then
resurrected back to
life and the resurrection process is a
process of
Awakening they called it that it is an
Awakening I think it's
nice right you awaken to a new world
right oh that's nice why wouldn't you
want to do that why am I covered with
lubricant P Diddy I told you everybody's
like no no it's you know it's okay let's
[Laughter]
go hallelujah
hallelujah hallelujah I really hope I'm
really hoping that Jesus Christ himself
comes out of the sky right out of the
heavens and I hope he goes and busts
into that
prison takes his
beloved his beloved what do they call
that when you have somebody who's very
much like you in a different dimension
there's a word for that right okay some
kind of double yeah um aanan tell aanan
to go to you're all monotheists man love
it it's gorgeous don't you love the lies
isn't it amazing how the lies and the
insanity go up at the same time it's
gorgeous it's like a
delusional
soup the universe is a
dimensional soup a Big Tomato thick
tomato soup um let's look at it give me
the next one I think I'm hungry um
what's happening here here She Is So
Mary takes the a measurement a Lon a
measurement of muron of myrr that is
composed of what
nardu right so it's a naric myrr the
Myrrh is the base and to that you add
different types of drugs here's it's
nard and um it's it's real nard right
unadulterated and very valuable right
and she puts it on his feet right she
puts it on his feet and then what does
she do she takes her hair and she wipes
his feet she brushes her hair on his
feet right on his feet and the whole
place fills up I'm translating fills up
with the odor it said before the foot
came the odor go back what was it the
odor of it's the I think it's the odor
of myrr right it's the O odor of myrrh
people look at that very last word there
it is muru right look at it do you know
what that M signifies that's what you
smell coming out of the Temple of
Aphrodite when the priestesses that you
call prostitutes Temple prostitutes when
they're
working yeah it's a drug right drug all
sorts it's kind of a base for all the
stuff they're doing right oil me Christ
me right okay let's see what else the
Christians are up to give me give me the
next one by the way here's that nard
Spike nard they say okay look at how
many different types there are I want
you to get an understanding this is real
we're not talking about a fairy tale now
this is the real Bible and if it's the
real Bible we're talking about real
plants right and so here look how many
different types of nards you've got
there it's it's nard it's nard narly um
look at this um Celtic nard oh that's
nice we got a mountain nard w we got a
Syrian nard which he says di Gord says
not really Syrian I'm like why do they
call it that then and then he explains
right and um we've got Ginger grass
which somehow gets how does that get
mixed up into there right B ancient
botney is really not that easy look at
number six you've also got this wild
agria this wild nard that's called
Aaron Aaron I want you to remember that
for second look at the bottom word
babon you have Babylonian nard too
right so you have a quite a just for one
ingredient in your drug right Caesar
you're gonna have to you there's a lot
to know well which one of those do I
need for my drugs that I'm G to be using
in my mystery putting on people's feet
and in their eyes where am I going to
get that right give me the next one
being a a real Christian is difficult
people it's you you think it's all about
donations to churches and stuff like
that right it's only because you're
getting fleeced right this is the real
stuff are you ready Hazel wart does
anybody like hazel wart oh God look at
the
sources this is the reason I give you
this look at the source a um Galen right
the front and andromus op Galen from
Galen this
thing is
in the
androman thec which if you don't know
what that is it is a thec from the
library of Nero it is addressed to Nero
from his arch uh his arch
physician yeah but there's a fine line
between you know being a physician and
being a dude who knows a lot about drugs
and is using those drugs in a lot of
different ways yeah fantastic I'm going
to trait you remember a third of
medicine Antiquity says plenty is uh
drugs right A drugs right drugs love it
okay go drugs R Nancy where' Nancy
Reagan go everybody let's give Nancy
Reagan do you think Nancy Reagan's in
Hell from the Satanic
congregation here's the question is
Nancy Reagan and hell and if so can I'm
and resurrector for a spanking who wants
Nancy rean to be spanked I want Nancy
rean this is our spanking debut Nancy
welcome to us tonight you're so petite I
really hate to do this but all that
stuff that you said you
know it just you know it doesn't matter
just bend
over oh she keeps her silence
okay Nancy Ragan we spank thee we spank
thee very much give me the next let's go
I don't like him when he does that right
somebody always says that I don't I
don't like that listen
Timmy run to your mommy Timmy run I'm
Gonna Catch You Tonight in your dream
Timmy there's a black hole and I come
through it oh
okay stop stop what is this people you
nerds look at this lovely nerds look
what it says in the Dos top
index
[Music]
Opus right what is an opus it's your
work right this just a little the minor
works the little works this is from the
Corpus metac Corum gorum and I just want
you to
see how many manifold and beautiful are
these text and people nobody I guarantee
you I I challenge you satanic
congregation go to any of the people
right now on YouTube right now go to any
of the people who are saying anything
about ancient cult ancient medicine not
many people even do that but ancient
cult look at the religious stuff ancient
religion
nobody nobody even knows these things
exist and there is so much christing in
them oh ah it's
gorgeous absolutely gorgeous um look up
and down people pause it there when
you're done check those out the people
who are in Greek and doing beautifully
by the way hats off to the people from
Australia and New Zealand that we got in
the first session we're going to get the
other one next week yeah fantastic love
it give me the next one we're going to
glide through these people um the person
that we're looking for is andronicus and
his thec and I want you just to see that
this is
[Music]
a Dia the alpha is
gone this is that thec that comes to us
through the
aidai wait what through the
aidai who is is a kid now she's a
priestess bro she's an oracle she lives
in a cave and she's
half half
woman half Viper and when I say woman I
mean
virgin and what do I mean when I say
virgin I mean somebody who is in a state
of cosmic
Bloom are you in a state of cosmic Bloom
are you
blooming yeah look at me I'm blooming
right no no you're not right um what is
this it's an agricultural thing to bloom
is a piece of Agriculture right it's a
part of Nature and that is how we are
thinking in these
texts right that's how we're thinking in
these texts fantastic it's a bloom you
want you know it's possible you can take
a person and you can
accelerate their Bloom so that when they
go through it their entire voice comes
out that's what ancient Priestly
colleges of women
do think about that for a minute did you
always feel are you out there and did
you always feel like I should have been
one of them right I should have had it I
got the voice I know I can bring it
right amazing was the education right it
was the education who who is most
importantly who should we educate first
if we have a choice men or women who
should we educate
first
yeah who started it that's who we should
go back to it turns out it was the
women turns out it was the
women oracles baby poetesses they've
ruled your world give me the next one oh
God bring him back everybody gets they
love that what is a thec for those who
are new Theos and for anybody who just
wants to know I'm not blowing any
smoke right this is something that has
to do with venomous
beasts right look at the force line down
in at the blue right what what are Thea
Pharma those are drugs that are used as
antidotes to
compound poisons all this stuff is
compound nobody's taking one drug if
you're sitting around on your couch and
you have one drug sitting in your
hand dude you're way out you know what
you are you're
a I can't say I'm not gonna say it I'm
not gonna say it you are way out of
antiquity your way do you think they can
go through these Transformations do you
think that they can enter these
psychological states without a serious
cash of drugs that people for centuries
have known how to use and manipulate
seriously right you want to see the
runners of Mars do you want to see those
you know do you want to bring out be all
they us to say in the Army be all you
can be you know what I mean you know
where they got that they got that from
the Spartans right from guys like
terteus right and where did the guys
like terteus get it from oh he's going
to do it again he's going to do it again
he got it from the women
yeah wait no you can't be right no you
can't you can you can be right look at
the Black Sea look at the cult of Diana
if you want to see a gorgeous luscious
virgin right you got to respect that um
she's the Savior you know what they call
her the Savior the poison pouring
savior what is that she's pouring that's
blood right do you want to drink the
blood of the Christan
martyr right do you understand
why okay fantastic that is what the cult
is producing that ultimately gives
us
universities
Museum right
education
education where do we go for that
knowledge originally we go to the
priestesses
right they know all that stuff me it's
scary too it's scary can you believe
that you thought there were dragging
people around wives were getting dragged
around by the hair and being submissive
and you're sitting there listening to
your pastor husband and you want me so
much I'll be there baby right through my
black hole fantastic give me the next
one give me the next one okay right from
Nero's Physician's mouth what does he
say listen to me caesar I have got for
you an
Incredible
strength you're going to get from this
polyic antidote it's got many drugs in
it right it is The
Giver of fearless
Freedom listen to me Nero I'm telling
you they call this thing
Hillary what is Hillary Joy right we get
the Hilaria right it's from the this
this thing is called Joy wouldn't that
be nice what is this
polyonics is it called
Galan what is Galan Galan is the calm
after the
storm it's that Dead
Calm okay Dead Calm comes before too but
they talk about it's coming after so
okay okay anyway any who um hey are
there any nerd weather people on please
tell me why that is um it's because it's
turning or something I don't know um and
what else do they call it
Elon Elon Elon place where you feel good
Elon is a place where you feel
good right and do you know what you can
do if you've got this thing on board
Caesar you can go to the dark
Harbor cuz you know where we get our
drugs ladies and gentlemen satanic
congregation we get them from
her we get him from her the
Maga you want to know why the M doll was
there for
Jesus do you remember where the
Medusa put their
drugs do you
remember they put him in their hair they
put them in their hair
now you know why Mary
Magdalene was wiping Jesus's
feet with her
hair yeah now what does this stuff do
that she was giving him let's go let's
go to sources see what happens oh God
it's going to get gross here what are
some of the things give it to me what
are some of the things we're going to
put in here first of all I want you to
consider
this is from Nero's dude right his
physician I want you to consider that
this is all a base of the pem up
Mayes the potion of that one medic woman
that we all know media this is her
potion okay I just want you to know that
it's the only freaking identifier on
this whole thing you know it's no wonder
Julia Caesar was putting her picture or
her portrait into the Temple of Venus
right give me the next one and what does
this thing contain right I just want you
to realize it contains everything that
you're going to need when you are
boosting with this death inducer are you
ready what's in the death inducer meos
poppy opium okay all of the heroin
people right it's not a culated morphine
it's not like that because that thing
just leaves the floodgates open right
this is the good oldfashioned Opium
poppy right latex from it anyway good
give me the next one what else is in
there um nope nope nope that's out of
order where's
the I think it's that yeah there we go
no right here there we
go
NOP hang on right oh I think we left it
out did we leave it out okay well we'll
just keep going um what else is in there
boom uh the what I'm going to give you
is list
of snakes here's one of them you've got
to use this one
and um the blister beetle okay which
what does the blister beetle do it
causes satorius this is the one that
will cause even a unic to become
aroused right it's a forceful arousal
right it's one of these drugs that like
the doctors are saying very hard to
treat right has to be
therapeutical right you have to get in
there with aggressive treatment of other
antidotes to counter what dude has been
taking good fantastic that's why the
priests know all the drugs man um next
one um the echis right the Viper
straight up Viper right what else the
castes which is a another snake now a
lot of these snakes unfortunately we
don't have real good IDs for right we
don't have really good descriptions and
really you know okay it's from this
place but you know they're umping snakes
from there and okay well this one has
this trait well that narrows it down to
another eight right so um it's not the
greatest uh and I'll let the scholars
fight over you know what species is what
when you see a horned viper you see that
one a lot and you see that one depicted
in a lot of Ace paintings we're pretty
sure about that one from North Africa
right and the common one like Cobra
Egyptian cobra that one we've got to
here flash up our other snakes by the
way this is for all the Chemists in
there who want there's there's that one
um the sases what else the Deep sauce
the Deep sauce right deep sados here
it's all in genus um what uh this is the
one that bites you from North Africa and
it makes you thirsty makes you extremely
thirsty wait we're using all of these
Venoms in one formula yeah there's nine
of them did you know that show me the
nine where'd you get the nine chewy
there they are hello right is that all
of them I think right can we identify
them all no one of them is just water
snake BR water snake just so people can
see it's there right now you thought you
were sophisticated oh I go to my raave
and I have some of this you give me a
pill this and you
[Music]
know yeah you haven't had
this right ospice there it is oh God
that one can blind you give me the next
one give me the next one look at how it
describes this this is the aspice right
what's special about this one um it has
the Eon I'm translating it has the
poison right
of the goas the
magician who is these magicians who are
unbeatable right these guys are unass a
you cannot you can these people are
dangerous right they they take drugs
with them they're on drugs all the time
and they're dangerous right um this is
the one they rely heavily on this is the
toxin that they're they're dependent
upon is the aspice very good love it
you'll notice ASP from that of course
yeah give me the next one right and
what's next the duas which people don't
for a long time it took class this you
know while to figure out what the what's
going on apparently there's a snake that
is particular to certain trees right
particularly Oaks and there is a famous
Oak associated with famous Oracle um
oracular wisdom and the snake that's
involved with it so here's another one
we got to have that one there I don't
know which one that is species wise Good
Luck Good Luck give me the next one give
me the next one and what
God this
has it possesses the Venom that is onck
on that literally says that is without
bleeding without bleeding it's the EOS
that causes you to
clot it's the EOS that causes you to
clot okay look that's sophisticated I
love that I love that they're getting
into it but remember all of these one
concoction and baby baby you're not
going to drink it you're not going to
drink it yeah yeah right and you're
going to be surprised where it comes
from you're gonna be surprised where it
comes from would you be surprised if it
came from a
woman's private parts would you be
surprised would you be surprised and you
know what she's going to do she's going
to take it and she's going to apply it
to you
don't worry she knows how to get it to
where it needs to go okay are you afraid
half virgin half Viper remember her half
virgin half
Viper okay all right you could you tell
on the surface you know sometimes at
that age it's difficult at that age is
they age yes you can tell and you get
the whole body type of the Medusa
huh isn't that
gorgeous very fond of snakes these
people
why look at the stuff they're on dude
look at the stuff they're on and this
isn't just taking little bits and
applying it and pricking and flying and
pricking no oh God look at all the drugs
that were in that thing I I told you
there was um opium right there's also uh
conon uh oh what do you call it Hemlock
yeah there we go
Hemlock
right that thing is terrible things is
terrible poisonous they used to use that
one to kill people with because it's so
reliable right right good old Socrates
he died from that one right look where
it is it is in the potion of the
media right that Meen or meic way is
only walked from her porna her porna is
what comes out of her private
parts right okay all right
okay fantastic give me the next one give
me the next one I told you it's
Christian nobody ever believes me it's
Christian but that's that's the way they
are dude I don't know where are the
where's that team right uh
the one that clots and there's a snake
that you're going to add to this now get
this this is the cool thing the
biochemist out there will be sitting
sitting in their rooms tonight going to
sleep thinking to themselves oh God
it'll be a it'll be a lot of self self
mental pleasuring you know what I mean
because they'll be thinking wait a
minute here's one of the snakes that
they're using that causes you to run
excessively with blood I'm sorry right
it's where you're not clotting at
all all right look at what they're doing
they're taking both
angles of the chemistry it's a great you
know like where's the engineering this
you know a woman engineered this you
know she did I was talking to one of my
students here T night I'm going to quote
her she said sometimes a pity a Pity the
dudes right sometimes I feel sorry for
him yeah right you know this chemistry
came from a woman what do these plants
do right would you be surpris if I told
you they um alter
ministration oh wow right would you be
surprised if I told you there's a whole
Wilderness full full of the most
powerful potent drugs all around you you
just have to know how to get them and
how to combine them and how to use them
and since that is such a complex and
Technical process you and I are dummies
and we don't know how to do that stuff
maybe Grandma does right somewhere
somebody's grandma no seriously chewy
right right somebody's Grandma knows
some of that stuff my grandma used to
drink cot tea bro I was like what's in
that and somebody else was like
turentine and I was like well you know
made her joints feel better um that's
one example of one plant can you imagine
if you were able to look at the
pharmacopia that they've got and say
well let's start putting some of this
stuff together okay what else is in this
dastardly drink I just want people to I
mean this dastardly medication right I
want people to realize what is happening
to you when you're taking this stuff
when it's being given to you you are
overcome
DN do you remember DN
n doesn't it sound
like right if we do it three times
somebody shows up with an alabaster and
I get bent over the table let's go
overcome by that potion
overcome mentally overcome people say do
they have drugs to alter mental activity
oh my God they have lengthy discussions
of drugs that are
used in exactly that way lengthy look
this is the one that overcomes give me
the next one give me the next one
where's that oh look here's another one
hudos it's a snake some kind of water
snake seriously how many water snakes do
you people have because you'd be a
little more specific give me the next
one give me the next one here's another
one it's some kind of cousin it's
another water snake Okay thank you very
much I've got to have those too oh and
here's one this 's interesting this
snake looks like it's going forwards and
backwards okay thank you oh my god thank
you for that description I know someday
someday I'm going to see that snake and
I'm be waiting I'm going to be waiting
it's G to go backwards and I'm gonna be
like
ysy fantastic give it to me what's the
next one look what else do people what
does this say these two lines ready this
is the instruction into a F that you
have never ever ever partaken in but it
is the heart of the mystery what does
this say this says there are two
ways there's two ways to be
overcome right right by the bite by the
jaw of that poison Caster
or by the
potion of Black
Death wait a minute they have a
Eucharist I'm giving you this tonight
people
Eucharist medical
word medical word medical word where do
you see Eucharist uh in the fairy
freaking introduction of
diores who's read diores nobody I told
Brian Mir rescue right here are the
fraking
sources right my God tell them about
Jesus I said in the public park and he
was like well I don't think so right he
didn't say that but he never he never
told him right I
wonder I wonder
why give me the next one give me okay um
so there were the two ways right people
there's a there's a Eucharist that is
the Black Death right that's just what
they call it the Black Death do we have
pictures of the black death and the
people okay you bring them up you bring
them up fantastic finally give me the
last one that is from this series and
then we just got a couple more and we're
going to wrap up people look at this but
wait don't miss the climax here are you
ready you get up
early you
mortal right who are
experienced in this
Abomination you hunt
you pick up
that darting
snake with your daring hands that's what
you need to do I took a little liberty
there with the with the person and
number there but whatever right um
that's what you
do right do you understand why we get up
at dawn we're standing out there right
before and as the sun is rising and what
are we doing we're celebrating Lucifer
you bonee head we're celebrating Lucifer
congratulations your Cult of
Christianity is a satanic cult just like
Judaism and just like
Islam
satanic
Cults do you hear
me satanic Cults Judaism Christianity
Islam are all
satanic
Cults yeah who did they first worship
the fathers of Muhammad who did they
first
worship the devil and his beloved
baby God oh God he's always going to
lead you to Aphrodite you know what I
mean he's always going to lead you if I
lose my memory may you Muse be the one
to restore it
yeah fantastic now stop throwing acid in
people's faces right especially
girls you know turns out they're a
resource and you're a dummy fantastic
give me the next
one go ahead blow it up boom here we are
people I just wanted the hardcore fact
hardcore facts I'm not going to
translate this I want you to look at the
first word nard right just just look
look there are two types of nard right
one's called Indian one's called Syrian
it's not actually grown in Syria blah
blah right but what do I want you to see
this is a scientific classification as
Das scordis tells you who's writing this
I'm not writing this for the people who
have been
initiated right I'm not doing it I'm
doing it so that we can properly analyze
this
science all right this art
because that's how I'm translating right
what their
technical practices were techn that's
the art but that's the science all right
the art and the science really the same
thing you cut those two in half because
you it doesn't matter modern it's just
modernity okay it's modernity give me
the next one what is this oh I want you
to see remember I told you a minute ago
we would see this plant right this nard
when there's a form of it called
Aaron right he says you know some people
call this the wild nard but and I'm
quoting here Propet
hos the prophets call it the blood of
Aries now I told you a few days ago I
told you maybe it was the one before
that maybe I wanted to tell you but I
didn't I I'll tell you now if I didn't
already before these Christians are
performing rights that involve the God
of
War okay I did JY says I did good I'm
glad because here the prophets who are
going to be using these drugs right just
like Mary Magdalene and Jesus the people
who are christing who are going to be
using these drugs they have their own
name for them and they call them the
blood of Aries that's the blood of Aries
that you are
taking do you understand that is the
communion oh God I love it I love it all
and all the plants have these gorgeous
names like that give me the next one all
get uh give me that one again actually
chewy give me that last one again just
in case I missed anything because there
was a lot of good stuff in there listen
to this so the pro call it the blood of
Aries um ostanes calls it thesan right
he's a famous margus by the way um the
Egyptians call it listen this is the
Greek spelling out the
Egyptian um the Romans what are those
ROM call it
per
peram and what do some some other people
call it
bakar right
um the tuskan the rcans what do they
call it
suum
sukum you hear how when you get a
foreign term that comes into Greek you
hear how you can hear well you get that
a lot with the drugs because the drugs
will get their names from wherever their
history is wherever they're grown right
that's this is all geographical and
pharmacology and Antiquity was
geographical um some people call um this
nard and then he goes on the Galls call
it blah blah blah it's that good
smelling one blah blah blah makes nice
crowns haha right okay and then he goes
through the um uh list and I just want
you to see on line 14 an
deur it's the one that has those purple
flowers right those purple flowers give
us a little bit more information right
come on don't just give us purple
flowers dude how many purple flowers do
you see that's one of the downfalls
right now I got a trace it I got to go
find theophrastus and trace this plant
if you really want to do it that's what
you got to do because theophrastus
student of Aristotle wrote a history of
Botany or a history of plants right and
he actually wrote two different types of
it anyway um and another this is another
work that nobody who tells you anything
about the ancient world has ever seen or
ever worked with maybe some classes have
worked with
theopus not a lot of them because
classes don't like the scientific stuff
right do you see how we just hit we just
hit the center everybody's saying how
can you do this s you're showing people
this [ __ ] is not what they thought it
was how can you do that I happen to just
be right in that new Zone where I got
access to this side of the documentation
that nobody else was going to look at
and I you know happen to explore it
right open it up publish it get it done
man show people right at the same time I
happen to be in that place where you
know I wasn't going to let you tell me
the reality I'm going to go find the
reality and it's in that Greek it's in
that Greek don't let me tell you let the
Greek tell you love it give me the last
one here we go chewy here we go are you
ready for this what is the
power of the stuff
that Mary is giving to Jesus
well first of all it's a diuretic makes
you
pee and it is a
Theron it warms you it gives you a
sensation of warmth and remember this is
part of the stuff that they're making
into creams and spreading all over their
bodies when they want to deal with the
colder winter weather isn't that nice do
you think the Romans down in Italy are
coming up with this no no they aren't
it's people in cold places and when they
put the stuff on their
feet it causes them to have as you saw
in the medical text it causes them to
have a constant
erection a constant
erection
okay all
right into death out of death new
life this is the mystery do we have the
capacity to do this
today yeah I'll let you decide I'll let
you decide um I want let you know one
thing that's been getting my goat lately
is the fact that I can't respond to
everyone I want everybody out there is
part of the congregation to know I've
been getting lots of email lots of
questions with the exception of one that
I got today that was all demandi I was
going to write them back and say who the
hell are you right he's like defend
yourself
right uh most of the most of it's Pro
what most of the stuff that you send me
um is I love to read it and I go through
it and I don't have time to respond
right I just don't I I try to every once
once for those of you who I do respond
to you'll say it's really short right
little cryptic short stuff I really
apologize because I was thinking about
this the other day and I was watching a
video that somebody made and I thought
you know what there's nothing that I can
do to thank people for thanking me and
it gets my goat that I can't it really
gets my goat that I cannot thank you
properly when you share a story I had a
pastor write to me and say this gets my
goat look why the goat because the look
at what the cross is hiding right people
the cross is hiding a multitude of your
sins Yahoo can't see what's behind that
cross right we can't see it thank you
Penelope I love you for what's behind
the cross Penelope get out of here get
out of
here she knows it let's
go let's
go what was I I was saying something
important what was I totally lost it
there with
Penelope say it
again
what chewy okay the very unprofessional
of us thank you for being patient
tonight and waiting I really appreciate
it um I would answer all of your
messages if I could to the gentleman who
is a pastor to the gentleman who's a
pastor who came out of being a pastor
and knew that the whole time that
something was off right now that you're
seeing the actual sources and it clicks
into place it's a real Freedom it's a
real freedom and so thank you everyone
for allowing me to to spend this time
with you and to bring you these sources
I want to tell you as a preview I've got
something very good coming up and I
believe we will skip next Wednesday that
we'll um go directly to Friday and have
a
longer um you know hopefully you know
two hour our um Extravaganza with not
just sources but I would like you to see
some of the imagery that's coming out of
the Greek I'd like you to physically see
it and hear it and kind of kind of take
it in and what I've done is I've gone to
um a great author named nus and nus
brings us the right where we can see it
play out now I want to warn you I want
to warn you this is going to be my
little Opus right I want to warn
you that the there are some things
involved that will make it uh you know
mature you know mature not in a sense of
um uh you know you don't you can't watch
it if you're if you're not you know 19
or something I don't mean by that I mean
mature in the sense
of sometimes you just got to wake up and
look at life and say you know what's
going on man you know it hits you what's
going on what's the reality I'm going to
show you the reality of the right as
depicted and it is going to be
disturbing to those of you who don't
want to face the mature reality of our
existence right and I'm talking about
you can face that mature reality when
you're nine you know what I mean so
let's spend the next
week hoping and looking
delusionally for that source to emerge
from the ancient hand and what I'm
talking about is that source is that
Christ that
Savior and what she is about okay I look
forward to it thank you for coming
tonight I appreciate all of your time
will not take any
more thank you again hell Satan
it
purple cast a spell on you in a
circle High fire
gasoline make it rainbow
dream Hil Satan blazs with s vincing
prico magic W with the volcano
[Music]
House of
Frankenstein the wizard walks by Make It
Rain burning
purple and cast a spell on you in a
circle hot fire feel the
burn wak like Indica [ __ ] with your
heart I'm shining bright like Jackie
Nicholson my girl is Shelly duol snow
blind on the peak B be at the Players
Ball sugar pop sugar pop sugar pop dope
sugar pop sugar pop do your makeup mod
Coca-Cola face Magneto laser Ray mark
them all with the Z on your heads like
Zoro Hillside Lone Ranger Tree Line
Gonzo Make It Rain burnning
purple cast a spell on you in a circle
hot fire
gasoline make it rainbow dream